Initial commit (#1)
napptive/kubecon-23-oam-kubevela-tutorial: doc/07.gitops.md

# GitOps with OAM and KubeVela

> To enable GitOps on a KubeVela installation you can use any of the available addons. For this example, let's use [FluxCD](https://fluxcd.io/). For this part of the tutorial we recommend selecting the `kubevela` kind cluster, but these instructions are valid for any other cluster from previous operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable GitOps on a KubeVela installation, you can use any of the available addons. For this example, let's use [FluxCD](https://fluxcd.io/). For this part of the tutorial, we recommend selecting the `kubevela` kind cluster, but these instructions are valid for any other cluster from previous operations.
```

I0411 17:28:00.288563   43063 apply.go:121] "creating object" name="component-uischema-kustomize" resource="/v1, Kind=ConfigMap"
I0411 17:28:00.300739   43063 apply.go:121] "creating object" name="config-uischema-helm-repository" resource="/v1, Kind=ConfigMap"
Addon fluxcd enabled successfully.
Please access addon-fluxcd from the following endpoints:
+---------+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------+
| CLUSTER |        COMPONENT         |           REF(KIND/NAMESPACE/NAME)           |                 ENDPOINT                  | INNER |
+---------+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------+
| local   | fluxcd-source-controller | Service/flux-system/fluxcd-source-controller | fluxcd-source-controller.flux-system:9090 | true  |
| managed | fluxcd-source-controller | Service/flux-system/fluxcd-source-controller | fluxcd-source-controller.flux-system:9090 | true  |
+---------+--------------------------+----------------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------+-------+
```

> Notice that the FluxCD addon not only enables GitOps use cases, but also provides a component definition to deploy [Helm charts](https://kubevela.io/docs/reference/addons/fluxcd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the FluxCD addon enables GitOps use cases and provides a component definition to deploy [Helm charts](https://kubevela.io/docs/reference/addons/fluxcd).
```

> Next, we are going to deploy an application on the cluster, that will pull information from a git repository and create the associated entities in the cluster. To do that, execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will deploy an application on the cluster that will pull information from a git repository and create the associated entities. To do that, execute:
```
